feat: pyroscope.enrich component (#4797)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/pyroscope/pyroscope.enrich.md

| `targets`              | `list(Target)`           | List of targets from a discovery component.                                                   |         | yes      |
| `labels_to_copy`       | `list(string)`           | List of labels to copy from discovered targets to profiles. If empty, all labels are copied. |         | no       |
| `profiles_match_label` | `string`                 | The label from incoming profiles to match against discovered targets.                         |         | no       |

If `profiles_match_label` isn't provided, `target_match_label` is used for matching profile labels.

## Blocks

`pyroscope.enrich` doesn't support any blocks.
Configure this component with arguments.

## Exported fields

The following fields are exported and can be referenced by other components:

| Name       | Type                 | Description                         |
| ---------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `receiver` | `ProfilesReceiver`   | The receiver for profiles.          |

## Component health

`pyroscope.enrich` is only reported as unhealthy if given an invalid configuration.

> ## Debug information

Reviewer: Is this debug info accurate? I don't see anything related to debug in the source code.

Author: no, I decided to not do it because I thought it was not worth the overhead and forgot to remove it here

  }
}

// Receive profiles over HTTP
pyroscope.receive_http "default" {
  http {
    listen_address = "0.0.0.0"
    listen_port    = 4040
  }
  forward_to = [pyroscope.enrich.metadata.receiver]
}

// Enrich profiles with Kubernetes metadata
pyroscope.enrich "metadata" {
  targets               = discovery.relabel.pods.output
  target_match_label    = "pod_ip"
  profiles_match_label  = "service_name"
  labels_to_copy        = ["namespace", "node", "app", "environment"]
  forward_to            = [pyroscope.write.default.receiver]
}

// Write profiles to Pyroscope
pyroscope.write "default" {
  endpoint {
    url = "http://pyroscope:4040"
  }
}
```

## Component behavior

The component matches profiles to discovered targets and enriches them with additional labels:

1. For each profile, it looks up the value of `profiles_match_label` from the profile's labels, or `target_match_label` if `profiles_match_label` isn't specified.
1. It matches this value against the `target_match_label` in discovered targets.
1. If a match is found, it copies the requested `labels_to_copy` from the discovered target to the profile. If `labels_to_copy` is empty, all labels are copied.

> 1. The profile, enriched or unchanged, is forwarded to the configured receivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The component forwards the profile, enriched or unchanged, to the configured receivers.
```
